When I'm thinking about my younger
version of myself, I wish I knew so many
things that I know today. I wish someone
would have told me what it actually
means to be a woman, what a blessing it
is to be feminine. I wish someone would
have told me how to truly love myself
and how to trust the flow of life. Hi
guys, welcome back to my channel. My
name is Michaela and today I want to
talk about five things that I wish I
knew when I was in my teenage years. I'm
going to be your big sister today and I
will tell you everything I wish someone
would have told me when I was younger.
Let's get into this. First of all, you
don't need to be perfect to be liked by
anyone. The way you are is unique. God
put you on earth the way you are and not
any different way for a reason. You are
who you are the way you are because you
are unique. There is nobody out there
who is exactly like you. There is nobody
out there who is exactly like me. And
guess what? That's for a reason. Now,
when you are trying to be perfect, when
you're trying to be like someone would
like you to be, when you're trying to be
like the people in your high school,
when you're trying to be like any trends
that is going on right now, you are
neglecting yourself and you are saying
you don't want the blessing that is on
this earth put on you for you. Now,
every time you are trying to be perfect,
you're trying to be like someone else,
you are going further away from who you
truly are. You're going further away
from your authentic self. And at the
end, you will have to walk all the way
back. You have to imagine your authentic
self like a radio frequency. and you are
the sender and everyone else is the
receiver. So if you're trying to be
another frequency than what you truly
are, you're attracting people and
circumstances of that other frequency
that doesn't truly align with who you
are. And those people and circumstances
will always fall away from you. Because
once you stop playing that role of the
perfect girly, the role of that person
that you are not, once you take off the
mask that they want to see you in, they
will not like you. Circumstances and
people will not like it when you are
being true to yourself, when they like
you for something you are not. When I
was younger, I was always being told
that I am like living on another planet
in another universe. I am so dreamy. I
am so quiet. I am so calm. And nobody in
my high school in my surroundings was
like that in my age. So I thought I am
weird. I cannot be myself in order to be
liked. I tried to be different. I tried
to be louder. I tried to be funnier. I
tried so many things and ended up not
even liking myself. So, I was just in a
weird position where I didn't like
myself. I didn't really have friends who
liked me. And I ended up now in my 20ies
walking the way back to find who I truly
was all the time, what's truly in me.
unlearning what I thought that I have to
be in order to be liked. Another thing
is when you're starting to be authentic
to who you are, you're also stopping to
fear judgment because you will truly
know that people who judge you are not
your people. The same way as you don't
like everyone, not everyone will like
you. People who like you will like you
for who you truly are. And people who
don't like you, they literally don't
matter. Like their opinions, their
judgments do not matter. They can say
what they want because, you know, those
are not my people. I don't need to be
liked by everyone. I don't need to be
perfect for everyone. I don't need to be
perfect under any circumstances because
I am perfect the way I am with my flaws,
with my weirdness, with my awkwardness,
with everything that I am. I am perfect
for me and people will like me the way I
am or they simply don't. Another thing I
wish someone would have told and
explained me when I was younger was that
when you are not being yourself, when
you're not being authentic to who you
are, you're attracting situations in
your life that are not good for you.
Because you are doing something that is
not good to you, you will attract people
and circumstances that are not good to
you. And it's never good when you're
neglecting yourself. When you are saying
no to yourself, when you are feeling
like you are wrong, you are not okay the
way you are, you cannot be loved the way
you are. All of those beliefs in your
mind will create more circumstances in
your life that will reaffirm those
beliefs. And you don't want to have
those beliefs reaffirmed. What you
really want is to be liked, to be loved,
to get confirmation that you are okay
the way you are, that you are lovable
the way you are. But you can only get
that when you truly know who you are,
and when you truly express who you are.
The next thing is trust your gut. Even
when it makes absolutely no sense, no
logical sense, trust your gut, baby
girl. Your gut is your holy grail. And
your gut is telling you everything you
need to know. You don't need to know
what your mind is saying. You don't need
to know all the logical explanations why
someone should be good. You need to
listen to your gut and never trust
words. When people want something from
you, they will tell you whatever you
want to hear and they will convince you,
convince your mind that your gut feeling
is wrong. But your gut observes all the
actions that you don't see. Your gut
observes all the energy, everything
behind those words that someone is
trying to convince you of. So when you
have that weird feeling in your stomach,
when you feel like your body is
clinching, when you feel like your body
is getting tense in a situation, you get
nervous with someone, trust it. It's
always right. Especially as women, we
have that deep connection to our gut
feeling. But in our young age already,
we are being manipulated from so many
people around us, sometimes from
parents, from teacher, from authorities
and we are being told not to listen to
our gut feeling because it makes no
logical sense, right? But that's
absolute BS. Our gut feeling is
protecting us our whole life. And the
more you're connected to it and the more
you're listening to it, the more you
will be protected and the more you will
be guided to where you need to go. Your
gut feeling is your intuition and your
intuition is everything. And when you're
wondering now, yeah, okay, but what is
my
intuition? Your intuition is the very
first feeling you have before your head
starts to talk. And most of the time
your intuition, your gut feeling is the
exact opposite than what your mind is
trying to convince you of. Let's say you
are invited to a party from your friends
and your gut feeling like your first
intuition was you don't want to go. But
then your head says you should go
because you should make friends. You
should not disappoint your friends.
Maybe it will be a cool experience.
Maybe you will have fun. So you end up
going to that party and that party then
ends up being horrible. All you can
think about at that party is going home.
Maybe even suddenly your ex appears with
another girl at that party. Or maybe
something else happens or nothing
happens and you just feel miserable
being there. That was your gut feeling
trying to protect you from going
somewhere you actually should not be at.
Also, when you meet new people or you
date someone you don't know, trust your
gut feeling. Baby girl, trust that first
very first feeling. Even though maybe
your brain, your mind says, "Ah, but
he's cute. His words are so nice.
Everything he says is so cute. He wants
to take care of me. Stop it. Your gut
feeling, the first feeling that came
before your head talk is what you should
trust always. Next thing is take care of
your body because you love it and not
because you hate it. so long. I hated my
body. And I was going to work out every
single day for three or 4 hours because
I hated my body. I didn't want to be in
my body. And I tried to lose weight. I
tried to be more skinny. I tried to lose
fat. I tried to be more shredded.
Whatever it was, I hated my body and I
did everything possible to work against
my body. What you are ending up doing
with that is that you are actually
ruining your beauty. Even though I might
achieved to be skinny, I was looking so
I don't want to say I was ugly, but I
was ugly from the inside. I was truly
unhappy and I hated myself so much that
it showed on my face. It showed on my
whole energy. It showed on me. And even
after when I gained weight, I still was
looking so bad because I still hated
myself. You need to do everything
possible to learn to love yourself. Do
everything possible to nurture that love
to yourself. How you can do that is by
feeling into your body what you need.
Now, for example, I'm going to the gym
maybe twice a month, but when I'm going,
I go because I really need it. I need to
move my body. I enjoy it then so much to
move my body. I am not overeing. I am
not throwing up. I am truly listening to
what my body needs and I am nurturing
myself, my body, my soul in every way
possible. I am taking care of my skin,
not because I hate my skin, because I
love it. I'm grateful for my skin to be
that biggest organ on my body and
nurturing me and being protective of me.
I am taking care of my hair now. Not
because I hate my hair, because I love
it. I had always bleached my hair
because I hated it. I hated my hair, my
natural hair color. So, I bleached and
bleached and bleached. And what are you
doing with bleaching your hair? You are
literally burning your hair from the
inside. Now I'm trying to grow out my
hair, my natural hair color. And even
though I feel like it looks a bit off
because my natural hair color is more of
a cooler tone and that color I have here
now is more of a warmer tone. I am fine
with it. I do that because I love my
hair. I take care of my hair like it's
my baby. I oil them twice a week. I
brush them every morning. I don't
overheat them because I love them.
Another thing is food. I am eating
because I want to nurture my body and I
love my body. I am not eating because I
hate my body. I am not restricting
myself because I hate my body. No, I am
doing everything
possible to nurture my body and myself.
And you should really focus on that too.
You should focus on nurturing yourself
and your body at every minute possible
in your life. Whatever you are doing, do
it because you love yourself. When
you're studying for school, do it
because you love yourself and you know
what you want to do with that. When you
finish your high school, maybe you want
to do university, maybe you want to do
something else, but everything you do
has to come from a place of love, from a
place of nurture instead of hate. The
next thing I wish someone would have
told me earlier is that it's completely
okay to outgrow people, places,
circumstances, and even parts of
yourself. As human beings, we are ever
changing. We are ever growing. We are
never
constant. And when you are ever
changing, ever growing, of course, your
desires change, your circumstances
change, your people around you change,
and you holding on to those people, to
circumstances that don't serve you
anymore. It's like saying that you don't
want change and saying no to change is
also saying no to life. When you are
changing your opinions, when you are
changing your hobbies, when you're
changing your mindset, of course your
circumstances will change. Of course,
the people around you have to change.
When I was in high school, I had only
one friend. She was my best friend. She
was my bestie. And when we are when we
were about to turn 16, we wanted to
change our high school and she wanted to
do something in tourism. I wanted to do
something in fashion. Because she was
more strong within herself, her
personality was more strong. I said,
"Ah, it doesn't matter. Anyways, I don't
like fashion. I will come with you
there." So, we had this packed. We
agreed that we are going together to
that high school of tourism. Even though
I hated cooking, I hated tourism, I
hated to travel, I hated everything on
that idea, I decided to do it because I
didn't know I can just outgrow her as my
best friend. Ultimately, I ended up
being in that school and she stopped
going to that high school. She changed
her mind and I was stuck for another
five years without that best friend I
had and without doing something I truly
liked. And believe me, those five years
were horrible for me. I felt miserable.
I hated learning about topics that
simply did not feel aligned to me. Even
though now I'm super grateful that
everything happened the way it has at
the end where I am today is exactly
because of all those decisions I took
earlier. All those circumstances in my
life all those things that happened in
my life earlier but still I wish I knew
and I chose differently. I would have
saved myself so much suffering. I would
have saved myself so much time that I
wasted on feeling super miserable. The
last thing I wish someone would have
told me when I was younger is that my
softness is not a weakness. Your
softness as a woman is not a weakness.
If you are being emotional, if you are
being sensitive, you are not being too
much. Whatever you think is your
weakness are not your weaknesses. As I
told you before, I was always being told
that I was being too calm, too quiet and
I thought something is wrong with me.
Just now I got to understand that my
weakness is actually my biggest strength
is actually my biggest blessing and my
biggest assets that I can give to this
world. Most of the time our biggest
weakness is actually our biggest
strength. So many people are attracted
to me, are attracted to my content,
because of my calmness, because of that
calm aura and presence that I can give
to this world. So I want you to always
think about that. Always think about
your softness. Being emotional, you
being sensitive is not a weakness. It's
not a curse. It's your biggest blessing.
Anyways guys, I have so much more to
talk about, but my phone is shutting
down. I have only 1% battery left. So,
thank you so much for watching. I hope
this could help. I hope something from
this resonated with you and I see you in
my next video. Bye-bye.